Severe ARDS. Person is intubated with an OG in place.
SARS in a 74-year-old man who developed symptoms 4 days after exposure.
SARS in a 29-year-old woman who presented 7 days after exposure. (a) Posteroanterior radiograph depicts a subtle focus of consolidation in the right lower zone, partly obscured by breast tissue. (b) Posteroanterior radiograph obtained 5 days later shows that the consolidation has expanded and become more dense. The chest radiograph obtained 13 days after admission was normal.
SARS in a 42-year-old woman who presented 9 days after exposure. Posteroanterior radiograph shows extensive consolidation in the left lower lobe.
SARS in a 46-year-old woman who presented 5 days after developing symptoms. (a) Anteroposterior radiograph shows bilateral multifocal opacities, which are more extensive in the left lung. (b) Anteroposterior radiograph obtained 12 days after admission shows a resolution of central airspace consolidation and residual peripheral consolidation. The patient was asymptomatic. (c-e) Axial low-dose CT images obtained on the same day as b show air bronchograms (c), multiple high-attenuation foci (d), and peripheral subpleural areas of high attenuation in the lower lobes (e). The extent of disease was underestimated on b.
SARS in a 73-year-old woman who presented 17 days after exposure. The chest radiograph obtained on admission (not shown) was normal. (a) Anteroposterior radiograph obtained 2 days after admission shows focal consolidation in the right lung. (b) Anteroposterior radiograph obtained 8 days later shows bilateral multifocal consolidation. (c) Anteroposterior radiograph obtained 8 days later shows diffuse airspace disease. The patient died 36 days after exposure to SARS.
ETT tip above the carina. NGT in situ. Right jugular CVL tip projected at the SVC/RA junction. Diffuse bilateral and symmetric coalescent air space opacities which are less severe at the lung apices with numerous small rounded lucencies through out. Heart is mildly enlarged (although a supine projection).
Admitted to ICU with necrotizing fasciitis, septic shock and acute renal failure. Progressive respiratory failure requiring ventilation. Multifocal bilateral air-space opacities, in a predominantly perihilar and lower zone distribution.
ETT, NGT and right jugular CVL are well positioned. Diffuse hazy and coalescent airspace opacification bilaterally with a predominance in the lower and mid zones (which has increased from the initial daily CXRs).
There is hazy, predominantly perihilar mid and upper zone opacification with some interstitial prominence.  A few discrete cysts (pneumatocoeles) measuring up to 1 cm can be seen. No pleural effusion. No obvious nodal enlargement.
Large consolidations in the right upper lobe, with abulging horizontal fissure, and right lower lobe.
Extensive consolidation and air bronchograms with loss of the right hemidiaphragm in keeping with right lower lobe pneumonia.
When patient presented to ED there was wide spread opacity across patient right lung field especially on lower lung field with positive air-bronchogram which indicate consolidation of right lower or middle lobe. There was some opacity just above the right horizontal fissure which may suggest progression of infection into right upper lobe. The right heart border was lost. During her admission at hospital, the opacity spread to right upper lobe and started to develop opacity on left lung field and more prominent air-bronchogram which consistent with wide spread of infection across both lung. Endotracheal tube can be seen at 2nd day of admission.
Female, 61 years old, smoker. In November 2019 fever cough and asthenia treated with Ceftriaxone, subsequently with Amoxicillin and cortisone therapy. For a few days, the appearance of cough and fever 37.8 째, modest asthenia. 98% pO2 saturation is detected in ambient air. No pleuro-parenchymal outbreaks in progress.Heart and small circle within limits.
SARS in a 73-year-old woman who presented 17 days after exposure. The chest radiograph obtained on admission (not shown) was normal. Anteroposterior radiograph obtained 2 days after admission shows focal consolidation in the right lung. 
SARS in a 73-year-old woman who presented 17 days after exposure. The chest radiograph obtained on admission (not shown) was normal. Anteroposterior radiograph obtained 8 days later shows bilateral multifocal consolidation. 
SARS in a 73-year-old woman who presented 17 days after exposure. The chest radiograph obtained on admission (not shown) was normal. Anteroposterior radiograph obtained 8 days later shows diffuse airspace disease. The patient died 36 days after exposure to SARS.
Female, 61 years old, smoker. In November 2019 fever cough and asthenia treated with Ceftriaxone, subsequently with Amoxicillin and cortisone therapy.
Female, 61 years old, smoker. For a few days, the appearance of cough and fever 37.8 째, modest asthenia. 98% pO2 saturation is detected in ambient air.
Female, 61 years old, smoker. 
SARS in a 29-year-old woman who presented 7 days after exposure. 
ETT tip above the carina. NGT in situ. Right jugular CVL tip projected at the SVC/RA junction. Diffuse bilateral and symmetric coalescent air space opacities which are less severe at the lung apices with numerous small rounded lucencies through out.
Anteroposterior radiograph obtained 8 days later shows diffuse airspace disease. 
The patient died 36 days after exposure to SARS.
Posteroanterior radiograph shows extensive consolidation in the left lower lobe.
Posteroanterior radiograph depicts a subtle focus of consolidation in the right lower zone, partly obscured by breast tissue.
Posteroanterior radiograph obtained 5 days later shows that the consolidation has expanded and become more dense. The chest radiograph obtained 13 days after admission was normal.
SARS in a 46-year-old woman who presented 5 days after developing symptoms.
SARS in a 46-year-old woman who presented 7 days after developing symptoms.
Large consolidations in the right upper lobe
ETT tip above the carina. NGT in situ. Right jugular CVL tip projected at the SVC/RA junction.
There was some opacity just above the right horizontal fissure which may suggest progression of infection into right upper lobe. The right heart border was lost. 
There is hazy, predominantly perihilar mid and upper zone opacification with some interstitial prominence.  
For a few days, the appearance of cough and fever 37.8 째, modest asthenia. 98% pO2 saturation is detected in ambient air. No pleuro-parenchymal outbreaks in progress.Heart and small circle within limits.
the appearance of cough and fever 37.7 째
partly obscured by breast tissue.
Posteroanterior radiograph shows extensive consolidation in the left lower lobe.
a 48-year-old man, In December 2018 fever cough and asthenia treated with Ceftriaxone, subsequently with Amoxicillin and cortisone therapy.
a 30-year-old man, peripheral subpleural areas of high attenuation in the lower lobes
a 43-year-old woman, The extent of disease was underestimated on b.
Posteroanterior radiograph obtained 5 days later shows that the consolidation has expanded and become more dense. The chest radiograph obtained 13 days after admission was normal.